Hey Gaurav
Today dating 30 January 2026
You know I wake up at 1 am sharp thinking about only thing a voice screaming in my head I am a failure I failed again just like jee I wasn't suppose to fail.
It was voice screaming continuously that you are a failure you can't do shit for anything and you should rather die and it's not worth it fighting or anything.
You are likely to fail again like another time.
All this I woke up and then sat there for a couple of minutes wrote couple of codes and was contemplating what went wrong in my life ask gpt(RED FUCKING FLAG)
and thinking and wasted some time doing it and then actually did some coding for a hour and then tried sleeping which I couldn't you know it's fine if I can't sleep 
that means I can do somethin instead which is okay.. that I will be doing can't sleep will jump into dsa and then trying doing it then I will sleep I am pretty sure
and then lie there for hours 2-3 thinking about how shitty I am...and then fell asleep after that..I woke up at 9 and had the feeling that I want to disappear somewhere in dust
where no one can see me grieve I was actually feeling very very shitty and then I woke up decided I won't fall into same cycles like jee and woke up actually washed up ate something
and then went to class did some question..one more thing I was feeling very very ugly which is also a thing I noticed I don't know why I felt so ugly..well another sad thing but
anyways went to class and then everything was normal I had one interaction with a friend which felt very offputting to me which was like pointing out the ugliness I feel and I have been 
feeling lately
"You are bad judge of character" and "even worse judge of beauty" 
"Apne aap ko dekha hai"
this felt very shitty apne aap ko dekha hai wala part but then again I was not nicer I saw the smile she had on her face so yeah no biggies over it but this feeling i don't want this to
happen again i don't want anyone to have so much power over me that there opinion bothers me i guess i don't it was my own opinion that i am feeling like shit and it was pointed out 
which was why i felt that way i guess but anyways after that i went to my club and it was very fun incredible laughs and chaos..

And i shared this thing with friends people i consider very awesome but i got no affection or anything which felt not so good like sharing but that's something also happened
And i wasn't particularly great and owning is lacking incredibly...

Again while speaking i have this habit of seeing you know i wasn't owning i was seeking validation and which was bad and i will think on it with a free mind..

Now this is what happened i slept coming back and then woke up and started working on coding question i am having fun the only scary thing is i don't want that math mind i once cherished to become that distracted so that's also something shitty.. bothering me

And you know it will be alright to be honest something nice will happen either today or tomorrow i have hope and faith..

I just don't want to drown anymore in grief or something i need a cool haircut and do some shopping and eat something nice and have a good bath..

I will be okay fuck future i will live in present and enjoy spend my time as planned but first i need to stabilize myself and so calm deep breath and clocking in hours and curating my intrests all along is the way ahead being one dimensional doesn't excite me...

That's all for today

As for tomorrow's plan having a good cup of coffee bath papaya and swift..planning and working some more and reading some to feel the escape..

I will be fine and i won't go down anymore that's all i can tell you
Not letting anyone's opinion bother me not letting people decide my interest 
reading good books eating good exercising and working and living life having interactions fun..